Brewery App.
If you traveled to a new town sometimes
it's nice to go local brewery and
mkdir called demos and I'm gonna cd demos.
Great, nothing in here.
Okay, let me make that bigger.
There you go.
So we we're gonna use our
first command line tool.
I should point out this whole day,
we have not used a single build tool.
We have been yanking
packages off of cc ends.
We could have done it
in our local computer.
We have not used a single build tool that
we've been authoring web components.
And we can build kinda sophisticated
stuff without even touching any
type of tooling whatsoever.
All the tooling stuff
kinda happens at this end,
this end of the writing, authoring and
even the production stuff is
that whole next level of bundling and
splitting and everything.
So, when we're here, there's actually,
I think the question came up
maybe inside conversations here.
But just, is there like a create
react app for web components?
Something that just kinda does
[LAUGH] shows me how things work and
there is, there's actually a few project
scaffolds like VTAZ1 is pretty good.
But one thing when I was showed
was from this open WC group,
that it's really pretty good.
And I'll just show how it works here.
I'm not really trying to
build a dependency on a tool.
That's not the goal here, but
I think this provides a really good
sort of leap frog to a few steps
into maybe a more mature project.
And give us inspiration how we might
need to structure our project to achieve
a production goal.
But npm init open-wc, and
this gonna give you kind of that
little yomen style interview,
[LAUGH] what are you trying to do here?
So we're gonna scaffold a new project and
I'm actually going to pause here or
say you should pause you get
an application or web component.
We're gonna do application.
But I'm gonna show you the web
component stuff, just so
we can vibe out what that does.
And then, I'll switch back here and I'll
redo it and spit out an application, okay?
So what's cool is now it asks you,
what do you want to add?
Do you wanna add Linton?
Heck yeah, I do.
Do you wanna add testing?
You bet, I do.
Do I want a whole entire storybook?
Sure, why not, it's free.
[LAUGH] Would you like to use TypeScript?
No, [LAUGH] what is the name
of your web component?
I have been calling
a custom alert all day.
And then it gives you a kind of a scaffold
of what it's going to spit out and you can
kind of see we get a storybook, we get
some VS code extension recommendations.
We get a in that when you open VS code,
it's gonna say hey, do you want to install
the probably lit plugin is basically
what it's going to install.
Or if you're using prettier or don't
have prettier or something else to say,
do you want prettier, do you want just
any kind of test runner format or stuff.
And this is gonna create
a web component for us, and
it's gonna create a story
which is what storybook uses.
An this is gonna create a test,
custom alert test, and
that's actually the part I wanna
show you cuz it blew my mind.
And then a custom-alert.js,
I think that's just the the app
quote-unquote, that's gonna call this,
right?
And then an index probably calls
the customer that calls that what.
And then a dev server and
a test runner, yes?
>> Is there a way to do this if you wanna
do a few components or start a library?
Could you go through the same thing or
is this really for just,
I wanna offer this one
>> This-
>> Or whatever
>> Yeah, this one is like one, and I was
kind of like I wish it could do multiple
and maybe I'll like work on PR in that.
And they have this upgrade concept and
I found that didn't really work at
the time I was kinda exploring this.
But you could spit out two projects and
then manual merge or
something like that it wouldn't
be the end of the world.
Because in theory we're making Legos,
they're all isolated, encapsulated,
reusable so we can maybe copy-paste
that stuff in pretty efficiently.
So okay, we're gonna write to disk and
then we're going to install with NPM and
it may take some time to install,
but through the power of technology,
it'll go quickly.
But yeah, my experience with,
I wish this could just like okay,
new component, okay, new component,
okay, cuz that would be how I use it,
just rapid fire component generation,
okay?
Al lright, so
then I'm going to follow what it says.
Custom-alert, and then I'm going
to actually open it in code.
Yes, I trust the authors.
All right here we go.
[LAUGH] Always trust strangers.
All right, here we go,
we'll make that a little bigger.
And then npm run dev,
I think is what it said or
what did it tell me to do, npm run start.
There we go, npm start.
Okay, so now I have a demo, right?
Fired up over here.
Okay, cool, Hello World Nr.5
increment number 10.
Okay, cool,
it has a built us a custom element.
And if you look in here, custom alert.
So this is sort of just our element,
I could copy paste all the code we
wrote today and plop it in here.
This is totally something I could do.
It's basically the component
we just wrote.
But what I wanted to show you in the test,
right?
Actually comes with some cool tests.
That's a problem for me,
when I create something I'm not like,
yeah, I'm just itching to
set up the tests on that.
So it's fun to have
something like pre-mades.
And kind of, even if they're there, I can
I change the component and then break it.
And then when the browser turns red,
I get upset, so
emotionally disturbed, so I try to fix it.
But one cool test that it runs is
it passes the accessibility audit.
So it will actually mount your
fixture of your HTML component,
and then it'll expect the shadow
DOM to be accessible.
So if you do anything, if you just have
this test, awesome, and this is a feature,
I think of chi, and so it's built on
this thing called web test runner.
I can show you
the package.json real quick.
But, yeah, so web dev server, web dev
server storybook, web test runner and
web test runner is just I think
a wrapper around play, right?
And then I think it uses Chi Syntax or
runs Chi tests and stuff like that and
maybe Jasmine too.
Now, I'm just making up tea names and
[LAUGH] feeling insecure.
But Mocha Chi, but it will,
anyway, I thought that was cool,
cuz I don't do enough accessibility
testing in my life, and
here it is right out of the box.
And anyway, this is just for
your inspiration.
You can like look at it,
there's another cool thing in
here custom element manifest.
That's what this custom-element.json is.
It's a small thing, but
it's kind of like a registry for
your custom element that you then can use
to build story books and stuff like that.
It's all cool, but
it's probably in the advanced talk.
And so let's clear this and then we're
gonna go back to our demos directory,
and then we're going to build our app,
right?
And then again, this is just sort
of like to leapfrog us into a few,
no, I messed up.
Okay, we're gonna to leapfrog into this.
We're gonna do a new project.
We're gonna do a whole application,
we're gonna do linting.
We're gonna do testing, we're gonna do
demoing, we're gonna do building, and
that's kind of the feature we want, right?
We wanna see what this looks
like if we're going to and
I'm gonna call it brewery app.
We wanna see what this
looks like in production.
I'm gonna call it brewery app and
then it's gonna make me a brewery app and
then it's gonna say do
you wanna write this?
Yes, and I'm gonna npm install.
And it's gonna go out and
fetch the Internet to
put it on my computer.